			v2html Conversion Software

			Limited Copyright Licence

BACKGROUND

The accompanying v2html conversion software (the software) is a 
copyrighted work.  This document describes conditions under which the 
software can be copied, modified and distributed.

All rights, including copyright, in the software are retained by the 
owner(s) as identified in each software file.

Subject to the conditions described below, you may modify source 
files included with the software and distribute the modified 
versions.  The software accompanying this notice may include such 
derivative works.

CONDITIONS FOR AUTHORIZED COPYING, MODIFICATION AND DISTRIBUTION

If you agree to all of the following conditions, you may copy, modify 
and distribute the software subject to these conditions.

You do not need to agree to these conditions.  However, if you do not 
agree to all of the following conditions, you are not authorized to 
do anything with regard to the copyrighted work that is within the 
exclusive domain of a copyright owner, such as copying, modification, 
and distribution.

(1) No fee (monetary or otherwise) may be charged for the software or 
any derivative work (whether in exchange for copying, distribution, 
use, or otherwise).

(2) The software includes copyright notices, references to this 
document, and warnings concerning the intended use of the software.  
All such notices are to be included in all copies of the software.  
Any code copied or moved to a file not having such notices must be 
accompanied by such notices.  Notices that are displayed to a user 
during execution of the software are to remain intact.

(3) This document may not be modified.  A copy of this document must 
be included with each copy of the software, including derivative 
works.

(4) Failure to abide by these conditions terminates any rights that 
you may otherwise have had under this licence.

(5) NO WARRANTY:  The software has NO warranty from anyone; for 
example, there is NO warranty that the software is error free and 
there is NO warranty with respect to infringement of patents, 
copyrights or any other intellectual property rights.  The software 
is provided "AS IS."  NO support is provided for the software.

THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED.

(6) LIMITATIONS OF REMEDIES AND LIABILITY:
In no event shall Hewlett-Packard be liable for direct, indirect, 
special, incidental or consequential damages (including lost 
profits), whether based on contract, tort or any other legal theory.

(7) DERIVATIVE WORKS:  In this document, the phrase "derivative work" 
is intended to include only those works that include sufficient 
copyrightable material from the software such that the derivative 
work would be a copyright infringement if made without authorization 
of the owner of the copyright in the software.

